what do I most love about my car i think
i would probably say the San system it
is just off the hook so you know when
i'm obviously crowd into my competition
trying to get a little bit psyched up
you know get some game on so i put up
some nice beads I mean the South quality
is awesome having bows and yeah it's
really great and then obviously what's
the booth you know it's uh it's a small
car but it's quite a big guy actually
inside you know it feels pretty
luxurious and I can get my golf clubs in
my swimming stuff even put one or two
girls in the back and this locker room
so it's great so actually I recently
just uploaded some music onto the hard
drive which is obviously great you know
you'd have to change between CDs so
we've got a little bit Chris Brown going
on ax already but i'm really into this
new band it's called the devil eggs i'll
get you guys something good so they
actually come looking at you've got all
your or your albums of y which is pretty
cool so you just let them so it's sort
of like a little mini ipod you know
which is pretty awesome even got you
album art and so there's band the w XM
early into it's uh sort of ready sykes
me up when i get going to meet some song
show you guys a
instrumental and something that I I
really enjoyed you know sometimes just
nice to cruiser on can just imagine
cruising around late night with a song
on you know late night I like coming
home from party and had a good night
just reflect on good times with good
friends all right
but
I i think i should prolly stick to my
day job doing code white men find each
other to the vote